---
title: Thanksgiving in 2020
layout: post
published: true
categories: Thanksgiving in 2020
---

I'm two days later than I intended with this post, but I still wanted to share some thoughts about my favorite holiday- the day of Thanksgiving.

## What am I thankful for in 2020?
- I am thankful for a strong, loving family.
- I am thankful that scientists across the world were able to sequence the genome of a brand new virus in weeks. 
- I am thankful that doctors have been able to compare notes on how to treat disease, drastically improving outcomes.
- I am thankful that a huge portion of the American workforce, including myself, can shelter at home and still do their job.
- I am thankful that Americans can assemble, speak, and feel that their voice will be heard.
- I thankful that the vast majority of my neighbors are ready and willing to make personal sacrifices for the greater good. Even if that might not be enough by itself.
- I am thankful that my mother and mother-in-law can connect with their grandkids every day, despite not being able to be in the same place. 
- I am thankful that my mother and mother-in-law WANT to connect with my kids every day and help them with their schoolwork.
- I am thankful that I live a country and world so rich and so innovative that we have developed multiple effective vaccines for a brand new disease in less than a year.
- I am thankful that democracy can be stressed, but still carry on.
- I am thankful that I am safe, healthy, and comfortable.

2020 was a rough year, but it was also a year of miracles.

Happy Post-Thanksgiving
